the following contest is scheduled for
one fall and is for the WWE Divas
Championship making her way to the ring
from Scottsdale Arizona she is the Divas
Champion Nikki Bella oh boy the champion
looks ready there's some serious fungus
in those eyes
and her opponent from Norwich England
Paige Paige looking very confident as
she makes her way to the ring for action
yeah she really carries himself like an
accomplished veteran despite her young
age I think that has a lot to do with
her success thus far
a self-proclaimed tomboy with a feminine
side Nikki Bella can hold her own
against a deep on the rocks and look
very very good doing it
hey gets out of trouble and quickly whoa
no page may be young but she really is a
veteran in hitting
I mean coming from a family of
professionals she was just 13 years old
she comes into this match with a wealth
of experience under her belt proposal
she's got her
another short bride
Oh
clutch escaped my page pages quickness
continues to impress me page really is a
veteran in there I mean despite her age
and it's amazing to think that she's
beaten competitors twice her age and
many of those girls were considered
young again even begin to imagine what
when it's all said and done
how is she doing there hey Joe
Rosa
Oh
in a path of destruction I clue and
there's the reversal
we've seen page put away so many demons
with her pto a scorpion crosswalk she
says was inspired
WWE women's
hey through the excellent move to get
out
we might be seeing the beginning of the
end intensity
shoulders dad
it's a mix-up
stay down stay down ooh nice counter
in addition to the PTO you brought a
Burger King we've also seen Paige down
million
wind out of your sails
will it been
and here's some highlights from the
matchup
we got a couple of highlights here let's
check it out here are some highlights
from them how those WV competitors tour
this arena apart let's take a look back
on some of the incredible highlights
here is your winner and new Divas
Champion Paige finally thankfully the
match comes to an end complete
domination is what that was my goodness